com/example/testmenu/fragments/RecetteFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.RecetteFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.RecetteFragment$1
com/example/testmenu/Friends/FriendsActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.FriendsActivity
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.FriendsActivity$1
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.FriendsActivity$2
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.FriendsActivity$3
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.FriendsActivity$4
com/example/testmenu/suggestion/ReceiveData.java
 com.example.testmenu.suggestion.ReceiveData
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/point/Plan.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.point.Plan
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/Previous.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.Previous
com/example/testmenu/Friends/ListAcivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.ListAcivity
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/Square.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.Square
com/example/testmenu/adapters/PromotionMarketAdapter.java
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.PromotionMarketAdapter
com/example/testmenu/fragments/AddRecetteFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddRecetteFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddRecetteFragment$1
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddRecetteFragment$2
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddRecetteFragment$getSiteData
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddRecetteFragment$getSiteData$1
com/example/testmenu/Product.java
 com.example.testmenu.Product
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/Dijkstra.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.Dijkstra
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/point/package-info.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.point.package-info
com/example/testmenu/fragments/DisplayIngredientsFromRecetteFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DisplayIngredientsFromRecetteFragment
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/Cube.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.Cube
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/VertexInterface.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.VertexInterface
com/example/testmenu/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.testmenu.BuildConfig
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/TspDynamicProgrammingIterative.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.TspDynamicProgrammingIterative
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/PiInterface.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.PiInterface
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/PathAndDistances.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.PathAndDistances
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/ASetInterface.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.ASetInterface
com/example/testmenu/preferencesActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$1
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$10
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$11
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$12
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$2
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$3
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$4
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$5
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$6
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$7
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$8
 com.example.testmenu.preferencesActivity$9
com/example/testmenu/Controller.java
 com.example.testmenu.Controller
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/myGlSurfaceView.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.myGlSurfaceView
com/example/testmenu/adapters/RecetteAdapter.java
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.RecetteAdapter
com/example/testmenu/ListProduct.java
 com.example.testmenu.ListProduct
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/GraphInterface.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.GraphInterface
com/example/testmenu/Account/AccountActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.Account.AccountActivity
 com.example.testmenu.Account.AccountActivity$1
 com.example.testmenu.Account.AccountActivity$2
com/example/testmenu/Test.java
 com.example.testmenu.Test
 com.example.testmenu.Test$1
com/example/testmenu/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.SettingsActivity
 com.example.testmenu.SettingsActivity$1
com/example/testmenu/MainActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.MainActivity
 com.example.testmenu.MainActivity$1
 com.example.testmenu.MainActivity$2
 com.example.testmenu.MainActivity$3
com/example/testmenu/ScanActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.ScanActivity
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/MainActivity2.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.MainActivity2
com/example/testmenu/suggestion/SlopeOne.java
 com.example.testmenu.suggestion.SlopeOne
com/example/testmenu/Account/ModifyAdressEAccount.java
 com.example.testmenu.Account.ModifyAdressEAccount
 com.example.testmenu.Account.ModifyAdressEAccount$1
 com.example.testmenu.Account.ModifyAdressEAccount$2
com/example/testmenu/fragments/ListFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ListFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ListFragment$1
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ListFragment$2
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ListFragment$loadLists
com/example/testmenu/User.java
 com.example.testmenu.User
com/example/testmenu/connection/SignUp.java
 com.example.testmenu.connection.SignUp
 com.example.testmenu.connection.SignUp$1
 com.example.testmenu.connection.SignUp$2
com/example/testmenu/fragments/ProductOnSpecialOfferInfoFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ProductOnSpecialOfferInfoFragment
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/package-info.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.package-info
com/example/testmenu/fragments/DisplayRecetteFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DisplayRecetteFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DisplayRecetteFragment$1
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DisplayRecetteFragment$getSiteData
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DisplayRecetteFragment$getSiteData$1
com/example/testmenu/connection/Login.java
 com.example.testmenu.connection.Login
 com.example.testmenu.connection.Login$1
 com.example.testmenu.connection.Login$2
com/example/testmenu/Recette.java
 com.example.testmenu.Recette
com/example/testmenu/adapters/ListAdapter.java
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.ListAdapter
com/example/testmenu/Friends/AmiActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.AmiActivity
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.AmiActivity$1
com/example/testmenu/ProductOnSpecialOffer.java
 com.example.testmenu.ProductOnSpecialOffer
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/PlusCourtChemin.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.PlusCourtChemin
com/example/testmenu/adapters/RecycleViewMarketsAdapter.java
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.RecycleViewMarketsAdapter
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.RecycleViewMarketsAdapter$1
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.RecycleViewMarketsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/testmenu/fragments/ListOfProductsFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ListOfProductsFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ListOfProductsFragment$1
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/point/PointE.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.point.PointE
com/example/testmenu/Friends/Friend.java
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.Friend
com/example/testmenu/fragments/OffresFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.OffresFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.OffresFragment$loadMarkets
com/example/testmenu/Friends/AddFriendActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.AddFriendActivity
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.AddFriendActivity$1
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.AddFriendActivity$2
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.AddFriendActivity$3
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.AddFriendActivity$4
com/example/testmenu/fragments/ProductInfoFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ProductInfoFragment
com/example/testmenu/fragments/PlanFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.PlanFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.PlanFragment$1
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.PlanFragment$2
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/Products.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.Products
com/example/testmenu/adapters/RecycleViewConsigneRecetteAdapter.java
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.RecycleViewConsigneRecetteAdapter
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.RecycleViewConsigneRecetteAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/Triangle.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.Triangle
com/example/testmenu/Friends/mesdemandesActivityPrime.java
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.mesdemandesActivityPrime
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.mesdemandesActivityPrime$1
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.mesdemandesActivityPrime$2
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.mesdemandesActivityPrime$3
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.mesdemandesActivityPrime$4
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.mesdemandesActivityPrime$5
 com.example.testmenu.Friends.mesdemandesActivityPrime$6
com/example/testmenu/fragments/ProfilFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ProfilFragment
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/ASet.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.ASet
com/example/testmenu/adapters/ListOfRecettesAdapter.java
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.ListOfRecettesAdapter
com/example/testmenu/fragments/WebViewFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.WebViewFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.WebViewFragment$1
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.WebViewFragment$2
com/example/testmenu/Ingredient.java
 com.example.testmenu.Ingredient
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/Pi.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.Pi
com/example/testmenu/fragments/DisplayedProductsFromAListFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DisplayedProductsFromAListFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DisplayedProductsFromAListFragment$1
com/example/testmenu/fragments/DialogMarket.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DialogMarket
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.DialogMarket$1
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/point/ProductPoint.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.point.ProductPoint
com/example/testmenu/fragments/AddProductFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddProductFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddProductFragment$1
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddProductFragment$2
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddProductFragment$3
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.AddProductFragment$4
com/example/testmenu/fragments/ListOfMarketPromotionsFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ListOfMarketPromotionsFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.ListOfMarketPromotionsFragment$1
com/example/testmenu/ProfilActivity.java
 com.example.testmenu.ProfilActivity
 com.example.testmenu.ProfilActivity$1
 com.example.testmenu.ProfilActivity$2
 com.example.testmenu.ProfilActivity$3
 com.example.testmenu.ProfilActivity$4
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/point/Point.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.point.Point
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/Position.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.Position
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/myRenderer.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.myRenderer
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.myRenderer$calculPlusCourtChemin
com/example/testmenu/adapters/ProductAdapter.java
 com.example.testmenu.adapters.ProductAdapter
com/example/testmenu/Account/ModifyMdpAccount.java
 com.example.testmenu.Account.ModifyMdpAccount
 com.example.testmenu.Account.ModifyMdpAccount$1
 com.example.testmenu.Account.ModifyMdpAccount$2
com/example/testmenu/connection/SplashScreen.java
 com.example.testmenu.connection.SplashScreen
 com.example.testmenu.connection.SplashScreen$1
com/example/testmenu/connection/Reception.java
 com.example.testmenu.connection.Reception
 com.example.testmenu.connection.Reception$1
com/example/testmenu/Market.java
 com.example.testmenu.Market
com/example/testmenu/FragmentController.java
 com.example.testmenu.FragmentController
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/PreviousAndPi.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.PreviousAndPi
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/Point.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.Point
com/example/testmenu/fragments/BuildingListFragment.java
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.BuildingListFragment
 com.example.testmenu.fragments.BuildingListFragment$1
com/example/testmenu/algorithmie/dijkstra/PreviousInterface.java
 com.example.testmenu.algorithmie.dijkstra.PreviousInterface
com/example/testmenu/plan_dynamique/Trajet.java
 com.example.testmenu.plan_dynamique.Trajet
com/example/testmenu/suggestion/Item.java
 com.example.testmenu.suggestion.Item
